an old couple hires you to babysit a
doll you quickly learn there's more than
meets the eye our story begins with
greta on her way to meet the hillshires
and their son brahms she arrives to an
opulent mansion and we get our first
look at the boy in the form of a
painting she gets herself sorted in her
room when suddenly
that was a little overdramatic got the
slow-mo and everything greta gets
acquainted with the self-proclaimed
grocery boy malcolm he attempts to put
the moves on greta by charmingly
pretending to be a psychic i have a gift
some people read palms and i can read
gum he gives his skills a shot with
greta and in the process we learn a bit
more about her though he botches his
first attempt we can tell by greta's
facial expression that his second go was
right on the money on the run from
someone aren't we okay i'm gonna be
copying that accent from now on miss
hillshire arrives and kindly greets
greta
where are your shoes
apparently they've gone missing which
she attributes to the playful antics of
brahms i think it's about time we meet
the fellow daddy no not him him
you having a giggle mate
malcolm eases attention with a quick
reading before leaving realizing this is
not a joke greta plays along she then
heads to brahms's room with ms hilshar
along the way she states that they've
had a number of nannies come and go but
none were quite as young and pretty as
greta greta is made to practice dressing
brahms while facing intense scrutiny
from miss hillshire he's not a baby miss
evans you needn't be so delicate
moving on my boy likes poems you do
poems i know all the words to green eggs
and ham
i love dr seuss
oh brahms keep your [ __ ] solid man next
up is music it's his world he likes it
rather louder than i prefer
the trio has lunch and brahms is looking
dapper as ever as he eyes greta
afterwards mr hillshire shows her
another one of her duties tending to the
traps the missus is convinced the rats
will get into the walls and also brahms
doesn't like animals he's very shy mr
hillshark concludes their chat by
mentioning he knows this all looks
rather odd however it's important she
understands that despite appearances
brahms is very much still with them do
you understand we cut to the peculiar
parents praying and manifesting good
vibes with brahms god bless greta sauce
they request some privacy then emerge
with the good news congratulations
brahms has chosen you yay
later at night greta calls her sister
and reveals her apprehensive feelings oh
and the fact that the kid is a freaking
doll yeah but you need to get away and
start fresh she replies they then
briefly discuss cole credit's abusive
acts he's persistent as ever despite the
restraining order greta urges her sister
not to engage the next morning she
overhears some rumblings and
investigates wait till i tell daddy
looks like brahms was acting a fool
probably upset that his parents are
leaving mr hillshire shares a set of
rules with greta before the couple
prepares to depart i'm so sorry wow this
movie is subtle now that they're gone
greta covers up the creepy boy and
settles in she checks her phone to find
no service then make some pb and j and
enjoys it with a glass of grape juice
she has herself a nappy then awakens a
bit later she heads downstairs and finds
that brahms has been uncovered
spooky
oh i don't think braum's like that in
the middle of the night a child's cries
echoed throughout the building a
startled greta awakens and investigates
as she makes her way through the halls
the sounds increase in intensity she's
drawn towards the painting of brahms and
inspects it closely now i know what
you're thinking there's probably going
to be a jump
greta awakens again so that was a dream
which means she was dreaming about
dreaming which means this takes place in
the inception universe fun fact leonardo
dicaprio played brahms yep it's really
him under there anyway greta breeze a
sigh of relief but then the crying
begins again she gets up and checks on
brahms he's crying she wipes away his
tears then finds it's just a leak in an
effort to check on things she grabs his
pokey stick and tries to open the attic
but fails then she attempts to give her
sis a call but ends up having to leave a
message instead right after the phone
rings and greta picks up
the only response she gets is breathing
and whatever that was the next day
malcolm stops by for his weekly delivery
and tries to shoot his shot once more eh
maybe next time pal greta inquires about
braum's story and then the pair take a
trip to his tombstone brahms died in a
fire on his eighth birthday and the doll
turned up not long after malcolm shoots
a shot again and gets declined again to
be fair greta did just get out of a
relationship which he reveals malcolm
counters by spending their potential
date as a professional courtesy i guess
they do have the same boss greta finally
gives in and agrees see fellas
persistence is key back at the mansion
greta prepares for her date while on the
phone with her sis she picks out a nice
dress before having a little spook when
she spots braum's peeking she shuts the
door then treats herself to a shower
meanwhile proms is up to no good you're
a little peeper aren't you after copping
a peek or two rom snatches greta's dress
and necklace she exits the shower and
damn she got a thick greta notices her
items are missing and makes her way to
her room while dread fills her body to
her shock all her clothes are missing
brahms you little rascal she exits her
room to find that the attic is open she
arms herself then climbs up hello
uh-oh fortunately greta hears malcolm
pull up so she tries to get his
attention stepbrother i'm stuck
as she might her screams go unanswered
as malcolm depart grit is forced to face
the darkness alone
suddenly greta realizes her bedtime and
promptly goes to sleep she awakens the
next morning to find her late night
spook was merely a jacket then she
rummages around and finds some pictures
of brahms back when he was human
this is like instagram vs real life she
returns to her room to find her clothes
returned made a bit of a mess didn't we
brahms malcolm stops by and is like what
was you doing up there then we get a
closer look at brahms's set of rules hmm
greta then steals a glance from brahms
before we cut to her and malcolm playing
pool he's agreed to stick around for a
bit to keep her safe she asks more about
brahms and malcolm reveals that there's
two sides to the story some say that
brahms was a lovely lad while others say
he was quite the opposite he also shares
that during one of his deliveries he
found mr hillshire off his rocker having
had too much to drink they chatted and
he asked what brahms was really like he
only got a one word response odd we see
that brahms is actually able to hear
everything due to the speaking tube
situated throughout the house fun fact
these were a real thing later at night
greta is brushing her teeth when a
shadow lurks just behind her she checks
up on brahms and finds that the floor is
littered with copies of his rules stop
staring at me proms now oh boy another
dream how many layers deep are we this
time greta gets up to find her shoes
from earlier returned how thoughtful she
visits brahms and we see him proudly
sitting tall
okay but actually he's kind of upset
greta had accepted the terms of
conditions and yet he's clearly
violating the guidelines she gets scared
with the whole situation and runs off to
her room unfortunately the phone isn't
working suddenly it rings
story recapped here she throws away the
phone then braum's feet appear just
under the door he drops something off
and says i promise i'll be good greta
slowly opens the door and finds some
munchies as an avid enjoyer of pb j she
becomes overwhelmed with joy
in all seriousness i think she's come to
believe that brahms is a peaceful spirit
she gets face to face with him and
agrees to follow his rules as you can
tell this brings him a great deal of
happiness we then check up on the heel
showers they're seen writing a letter
for brahms before daddio announces it's
time the couple heads outside and
spontaneously decides to take a swim
however their attention is quickly
stolen by a pair of rocks which they
probably collect we just having a wii
swim back to greta we see that she
started to follow brahms's orders she
feeds him plays psychomotor mobamba
reads him stories and ducks him into bed
one day while playing piano for baby
robs malcolm storms in he's sad that
she's kind of ghosting him so he decided
to stop by a little earlier this week to
check up on her he then drops off the
hillshare letter before the pair or
rather trio have lunch he notes that
greta is getting along rather well with
brahms then once again asks her out on a
date she declines saying that she can't
leave brahms oh you wouldn't mind would
you bronze yeah it's still a no for me
dawg malcolm heads off that a frustrated
greta tries to get a reaction out of
brahms
mommy chill she goes to throw away his
food and in that moment brahms moves
greta calls malcolm back and of course
he hurriedly returns to the manor she
reveals to him that brahms is alive but
he's quick to dismiss it alright well
i've set up a very scientific test here
we draw chalk around brahms then walk
away and hope he moves let's give it a
shot they head to another room then
greta knocks on the walls to signal
brahms no dice okay okay okay this time
it'll really work she whispers to brahms
and warns that she really needs him to
do this or she'll be forced to leave
they run off she knocks and the spirit
reveals itself ayusha he really moved
told you so the pair heads out for a
little walk and greta opens up about her
abusive ex cole she was actually
pregnant around the time they broke up
however coal caused her to lose the baby
heartbroken she took this job in another
country in an attempt
in an attempt to get away greta states
that she now feels a motherly connection
to braves just like the heel shires she
knows what it's like to lose a child and
feels as though brahms chose her for
this reason let's go
my man's is finally in but baby bromzy
needs a little kissy tail
greta and malcolm head back to her room
to study anatomy though things are cut
short by the sudden rumblings of loud
music they head to the living room to
find romps back at it again brahms could
you stop being such a clam shackle in
other words a c blocker later the pair
chat and malcolm is clearly upset she
advises her to get some perspective on
the situation but greta believes she's
already seeing things clearly she won't
be leaving brahms with no other option
malcolm shares a dark tale brahms used
to have a friend emily who was found
dead shortly after attending his
birthday party by the time the
authorities arrived the place was
already up in flames brahms hears
everything after malcolm leaves greta
tucks him in then visits the attic to
further inspect his photos he finds
pictures of emily and brahms together
perhaps the stories are true though she
doesn't pay the much mind and continues
with her duties one day while heading
back inside to make some food greta
overhears someone playing pool in the
house uh oh it's cole and he's chad
after taking the fact that this kid is
actually a doll he realizes that
snatching greta up will be rather easy
or so he thinks the trio have dinner and
cole states i bought the tickets we're
heading out tomorrow suddenly malcolm
arrives awkward there isn't really
anything he can do so he kind of just
leaves what a beta male
meanwhile brahms gives cole the stanky
eye as greta heads off to bed cole grabs
her and says you're not getting away
from me and i'm not letting you go in
bed greta assures braum she won't leave
but she's gonna need his help we also
see that our knight in shining armor
malcolm is sleeping in his car just in
case things get rowdy overnight later in
the night greta is awakened cole is
screaming her name and holding a bundle
of dead rats blood adorns the wall
spelling get out and brahms is seen
ominously sitting tensions escalate and
malcolm pulls up but he's all bark in no
bite he stands idly by as cole swings
brahms back and forth
the walls begin to rattle and rumble as
the spirit of brahms powers up cole with
his 200 iq leans his ear against a
mirror
a voice emerges from within the walls
greta and then the truth is revealed
brahms is a discord moderator he's been
living within the walls this entire time
watching stalking and waiting he
overpowers coal and lays him to rest
then the chase is on greta and malcolm
run away but brahms is in hopper suit
the pair manages to find their way into
the walls and stumble upon braum's man
cave greg spots the dress you stole and
it appears as though romzy has been
using it like an anime pillow she then
finds the letter that heelshard's left
and is shocked to learn that this is
what they had planned all along malcolm
believes he's found a way out so they
head in that direction
there we go the way out greta struggles
to open it and brahms is quickly
approaching malcolm volunteers to stay
behind and fight for her safety
simp
despite likely being an avid watcher of
japanese cartoons proms is pretty strong
meanwhile greta manages to escape but as
she flees brahms warns that he'll kill
malcolm if she doesn't come back yeah i
think i'm good and that's the end of the
movie just kidding apparently greta has
a heart of gold so she returns she
greets brahms and says see i promise i'd
never leave you now it's time for bad
brahms follow the rules he falls for her
act and as she tucks him into bed he
asks for it
she can't bring herself to do it so
brahms gets
angry okay fine she kisses him and then
penetrates
brahms counters with a heat god he's
strong as he squeezes the life out of
greta she jabs the knife in deeper
eventually he succumbs to his wounds and
greta saves malcolm the pair drives off
and the film ends with the still living
brahms repairing his doll oh by the way